Note: Steam can conflict with DS4, we recommend exiting Steam before installing
	DS4FL.

INSTRUCTIONS:
Unzip DS4FL
Double click on "Install DS4FL Step 1.bat"
This step will install JoyXoff. Follow the installation until the last step.
When given the option, check the box with "Start JoyXoff" and click finish.
Immediately after, JoyXoff will say "JoyXoff allows you to control mouse and
	keyboard with an Xbox controller. Do you want to use the feature?
Select Yes.
JoyXoff will open on it's setting page, but we can ignore that for now.

Go back to where you Unzipped DS4FL and double click "Install DS4FL Step 2.bat"
After you authorize the install, you will see a black screen flash.
At this point, everything necessary is installed. You can now connect your
	DualShock 4 through USB or Bluetooth.
Your controller should default to the "PSFL2 Kontroller Mode" profile, which is
	indicated by the pinkish-purple lightbar. This mode allows you to move 
	your computer, using Left Stick as your mouse, L1 as left click, and R1
	as right click.
Spiral Keyboard typing WILL NOT work until you restart you PC, but should work 
	seamlessly after you restart.
Spiral Keyboard can be brought up by pressing the Playstation button after 
	selecting a text field.


NOTES: Customizing your own controls is pretty simple with DS4Windows. It can be
accessed by clicking the multicolored controller in the taskbar. We highly 
encourage you to dig around the profiles and make them your own.

If you do use your DualShock4 to game on your PC, just switch to the "Default"
profile in DS4Windows and it will act like an Xbox controller.

Credit/Thanks:
Original Version of DS4Windows, Jays2Kings
	https://github.com/Jays2Kings/DS4Windows

Developer of the current DS4Windows, Ryochan7
	https://github.com/Ryochan7/DS4Windows

Developer of ViGEmbus, USB Controller driver emulation, nefarius
	https://github.com/ViGEm/ViGEmBus

Developer of JoyXoff, which provides typing functionality, Diego Ferracini
	https://joyxoff.com/en/

Sony is a registered trademark of Sony Corporation.
Playstation and DualShock are registered trademarks of Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc.
Microsoft, Windows and XBox are the registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.
USB is the registered trademark of the USB Implementer's Forum, Inc.
Bluetooth is the registered trademark of Bluetooth SIG, Inc.
FL Studio is the registered trademark of Image-Line nv.
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

DS4FL is not affiliated with any of the above trademark owners.